Fixing formatting (#4874)
google/flax: docs_nnx/migrating/nnx_010_to_nnx_011.rst

NNX layers that use RNGs like Dropout or MultiHeadAttention now hold a ``fork``-ed copy of the ``Rngs``
object given at construction time instead of a shared reference to the original ``Rngs`` object. This has
two consequences:

> * It changes the checkpoint structure, as each layer will have unique RNG state.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
* It changes the checkpoint structure, as each layer will have a unique PRNG state.
```

> * It changes how ``nnx.split_rngs`` interacts with transforms like ``nnx.vmap`` and ``nnx.scan``, as the resulting RNG state will now not be stored in scalar form.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
* It changes how ``nnx.split_rngs`` interacts with transforms like ``nnx.vmap`` and ``nnx.scan``, as the resulting PRNG state will now not be stored in scalar form.
```
